Support Jinja2 templating of secret parameters (#1058)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/core-functionality/secrets.md

What does this mean in practice?

- Any [plugin](../plugins/index.md) can potentially access your Secrets, including displaying their values onscreen or even forwarding them to an external system, so only install plugins that you trust.
- Any [Job](../additional-features/jobs.md) can potentially access your Secrets, and can trivially log a Secret value to its JobResult, where it may be visible to users, so only install Jobs that you trust, carefully limit which users are able to execute jobs and view job results, and be aware of the potential for privilege escalation resulting from careless or malicious logging.
- Any [Git repository](../models/extras/gitrepository.md) can add new Jobs to your system, so be careful about which users you grant the ability to create/edit `GitRepository` records.
- Any user with access to [`nautobot-server nbshell`](../administration/nautobot-shell.md) can execute arbitrary code, including accessing Secrets, and will be able to bypass any Nautobot permissions restrictions as well.

### Using Object Permissions with Secrets

!!! tip

>     In practice you will likely want to carefully restrict which users are allowed to define and edit Secrets, and may want to use object permissions to further restrict which specific Secrets they are allowed to make use of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In practice you will likely want to carefully restrict which users are allowed to define and edit Secrets, and may want to use object permissions to further restrict which specific Secrets they are allowed to utilize.
```
